When I was a kid, I used to wear these glasses, I used to be a lot skinnier
than I am, I'm a big chubby guy now but I was your scrawny nerd
so I had my two or three friends you know, we used to play video games
and dungeons and dragons all the time and yeah you know that's
ripe picking for bullies. But I think I've been in you know a couple
fights in my life, just barely you know like little scuffs and no big
deal. However I happen to think that I was at least a decent looking
enough to where girls would kinda like me too, so it didn't really
affect my personal you know, my personal idea of myself. I just thought
well you know one day I'm gonna get older, I'm probably gonna
have a good job I'm gonna have nice cars, and you know so, the bullies
are picking on me you know, it's, they're probably gonna become
losers later on in life. So that's the way that I thought when I was
younger so.